just so you guys know if you look at the
back of a monster label you'll see right
here see caffeine from all sources 140
milligrams per can so really not that
much caffeine a lot of people kind of
over hype it but 140 milligrams for one
of these chances are if you're taking
pre-workout you're taking a lot more
than hundred 40 milligrams caffeine so I
will see y'all later
all right what's going on you see I'm
gonna have to be doing some turns so
I'll be holding the camera right here
but it is 4:30 and we are on our way to
go pick up Alex which is my friend and
then headed to my Genesis you need Alex
Tim Daniel
Blake's probably gonna stop by Ryan
Ryan's friend within the next four hours
or so
so the gym isn't officially up and
running it's not it's not open to the
public yet but I'm letting my close
friends and you know some local
subscribers come check it out before
it's all the way done but um the reason
it's not open is because we want to be
sure we set it really good first
impression we don't want people coming
in and you know everything not be there
you know the clock and the all the
adjustable and the seat the benches and
everything we want everything done
everything perfect I mean that
everything's a creeper perfect we want
everything in there to the best that we
can before we make it open to the public
so good first impression means hopefully
business so that's what's going on guys
you're gonna pick up Alex and then head
to the gym so they see me a full workout
and I'm pretty sure we're all doing pool
workout so we'll see how we kind of do
that we'll probably split up into teams
or something but I will check in with
down a little bit deadlifts are
something that have never been a staple
in my routine ever since the age of 14
when I started training I did a strength
and performance camp for four years we
didn't do deadlifts one time through
that whole four years I was there we did
a lot of benchpress a lot of squats we
would do an occasional overhead press or
like a push press as our compound
movement so we would lunches but we
would never really do deadlifts so I
think a combination of never doing them
for four years and then a combination of
pinching some nerves my lower back in
during high school kind of they kind of
scared me away from deadlifts you know
the idea of using my lower back which is
my injured body part so as a primary
mover in this lift just didn't sound too
appealing to me so when I was 18 I
branched off I did my own training and
did my own nutrition I just never wanted
to incorporate them but you were doing
365 I kind of just I was increasing the
weight doing sets of three
and I decided you know let's kind of see
where we're at so I put 405 on the bar
now keep in mind guys I like I said I
don't do these really I do that maybe
once every three months or so so pulled
405 and like I said just to see where
out is that so that way I kind of know
where I'm starting at I didn't go in
thinking I was gonna do more than one
you know one rep but who knows maybe who
could've gotten one or two more I don't
know how the formula looked but that's
another thing guys support just like
squats I feel like the deadlift form is
something that we're always gonna be
working on we always have room to
improve so gonna focus on keeping my
back straight and that's honestly my
biggest issue is keeping my back
straight really on any movement I guess
it's just my posture and my pinched
nerves and like my spine that I've been
going to the chiropractor for but we're
working on it guys like I said working
progress so I can't wait to see the
strength that comes with that deadlift
I'm gonna be doing it once a week or so
just because I like to squat twice a
week and so if you're dead lifting you
know twice a week also your lower backs
you know freaking get shot but here
we're doing some one-arm dumbbell rows
probably my favorite movement for the
lats and yeah when I'm doing the Select
arm you can actually see well you'll see
it in a second you're gonna see like
some striations in my tricep I kind of
noticed this when I saw this footage
back and it kind of made me happy you
know we're almost we're about 170 pounds
now a solid morning weight so you can
see the tricep cuts and everything so
I'm glad that we're staying fairly lean
this is probably lean to most people but
to me it's kind of you know whatever
just body dysmorphia over here but uh
I'm just showing you guys men dumbbells
here and here's Tim still staying
shredded Tim actually just made a brand
new youtube channel
I'm gonna go link it in the description
box so be sure to go subscribe to him
guys it's putting out a goop you know
two or three videos a week so go check
that out one of my good friends one of
my clients and we were gonna prep him
for a his first competition
March 1st so you guys to see he's
clearly very lean right now so we don't
have too much prepping to do so it's not
going to be that stressful but anyway
that's that his channels in description
box be sure to go check it out and
subscribe here we are currently some
fifties so going for like six to eight
guys so in my opinion the only way to
get used
you know currently more weight or
pushing more weight on triceps and stuff
it's actually do the weight so I feel
like as the week's go on I'll be able to
get more and more reps for more and more
sets with a pretty good form so I
noticed like in the last two reps just
like here I start to swing a little bit
but I try not to break perpendicular
with my back I'll kind of lean forward
but then when I come back I try to you
know not arch my back too much so
working on the form working on getting
more reps or with better form
progressive overload and that's when you
can put this video guys thank you for
watching
here I'm just kind of cleaning the
dumbbells and showing how to while I was
showing you guys but thank you for
watching if you wanna hire me as your
online personal trainer you can go to
WWE on Fitness at my shop Viacom for
your 90-day transformation your meal
plan your workout plan or higher use
your macro coach so thank you guys and I
will see you all in the next video talk
to you on the next video we are here in
my office and as you can see not very
much going on right now
I just blank balls nothing over here
but the reason being is because we
actually just called the internet today
to get it connected or the you know the
whatever they're gonna connect the
Internet so I cannot my computer here
but we're gonna move in my desk my iMac
a big shelf thing so I can put all my
t-shirts my hoodies and organize them
nicely so I can do all that work from
this office so that's what we're doing
guys just like me Ryan is client finish
up and Ryan's actually the personal
trainer gonna start working here so very
happy about that really cool guy has a
good amount of clients so get some going
to memberships going right off the bat
and so we're doing guys so I would
normally be on my computer right now I'm
just kind of hanging out looking looking
looking over the footage from today's so
I can go ahead and make tonight's video
so I can upload it tomorrow but I might
upload it tonight
I actually went two days without
uploading which is really odd for me so
I'm probably gonna upload tonight just
you I don't like going more than two
days and that's crazy two whole days of
no videos but we just had 40,000
subscribers today December 30th 2013
right before the new year we broke
40,000 and sprays these we were at a
last night
actually we were at 30 9700 something so
I means we gained almost yeah like 250
plus subscribers and at night aired in
24 hours which is pretty crazy but the
channel is growing really quickly and I
couldn't be any happier guys you know
y'all are the reason like this is
happening so this is happening and just
everything online thank you for the
support and yeah I love you guys so
that's it guys I'll go ahead and check
in with y'all tomorrow
just trying to make an imprint on the
game